content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About"
date: 2021-03-17T14:52:48-06:00
draft: false
summary: "Let's make some (small) games"
---

### Let's make some (small) games

I'm a full-time software engineer with 5 years of professional experience and a bachelor's degree in Computer Science.  I've been programming 2D games for as long as I could program, and I've left behind [an endless sea of prototypes](https://makegames.tumblr.com/post/1136623767/finishing-a-game). ([I've released a **few**, at least!](https://grumpus.itch.io/))

I geek out about systems, patterns, and architecture within games -- especially within small games.  I've spent a few years developing patterns and conventions for my own hobby projects.  Sometimes those patterns are small utility functions that I find useful for all my projects.  Other times they're bigger architectural decisions that create useful, easy systems for me to plug into as the sole developer.  All of these ideas have evolved over the course of my projects, and I want to share them with you.

Almost all of my projects are written in [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) with [LibGDX](https://libgdx.com/), but hopefully my ideas will be useful to you no matter where you're coming from.

Thanks for being here, and happy coding.

Commit message:

RS devlog 5, add twitter link in footer and about page

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About"
date: 2021-03-17T14:52:48-06:00
draft: false
summary: "Let's make some (small) games"
---

### Let's make some (small) games

I'm Alex Morris. I'm a full-time software engineer with 5 years of professional experience and a bachelor's degree in Computer Science.  I've been programming 2D games for as long as I could program, and I've left behind [an endless sea of prototypes](https://makegames.tumblr.com/post/1136623767/finishing-a-game). ([I've released a **few**, at least!](https://grumpus.itch.io/))

I geek out about systems, patterns, and architecture within games -- especially within small games.  I've spent a few years developing patterns and conventions for my own hobby projects.  

Sometimes those patterns are small utility functions that I find useful for all my projects.  Other times they're bigger architectural decisions that create useful, easy systems for me to plug into as the sole developer.  

All of these ideas have evolved over the course of my projects, and I want to share them with you.

Almost all of my projects are written in [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) with [LibGDX](https://libgdx.com/), but hopefully my ideas will be useful to you no matter where you're coming from.

Thanks for being here, and happy coding.

(I do stuff on Twitter, too: [@ramorris_3](https://twitter.com/ramorris_3))
